NOTE:	This code is wildly out of date.  While this is an Apache module,
	the version of Apache this was compiled against was Apache 1.3.
	This code is more for reference than to be actually used.

	You have been warned.


                                 mod_litbook
                                 Version 1.0

What is mod_litbook?
--------------------

  mod_litbook is an experiment in web technology, namely, the referencing
and displaying of hiarchial information using a notation commonly used to
refer to such information.  In the case of the Bible, this is generally the
``Book chapter:verse'' notation.

  I've been following several initiatives for some time, namely Project
Xanadu (http://www.xanadu.com/), Project Zope (http://www.zope.org) and the
web usability guide by Jakob Nielson (http://www.useit.com/alertbox/) and
the idea of being able to specify a document, or select portions of a
document, as part of the URL seemed like an interesting project to work on.

  I decided to use the Bible as a proof-of-concept since I could get an
electronic copy of the King James Bible from Project Gutenberg
(http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/10) and it's one of the most well known
hiarchially structured documents in existance.  And none of the other online
bibles allowed one to easily (as part of the URL) retrieve a select portion
of it.  Sure, you could get an entire book, or one chapter or a select
verse, but what about a mixture (such as Genesis 6:9-9:17, the Flood Story)?

What mod_litbook is not:
------------------------

  And that's generic enough to be used for any project.  A project that can
be referenced as ``Book chapter:verse'' yes.  But currently, not much else. 
But the experiment is still going on and I do have plans on making
mod_litbook more generic in nature, or have a way to extend the
functionality.

Why is the King James Bible missing from your distribution?
-----------------------------------------------------------

  For several reasons, one being that the text of the King James Bible will
probably change less often than this software, so why include 1.5Mbytes that
don't change along with 30k that probably changes quite often?  Doesnt' make
sense to me.

  Another reason is the way I store the text for easy retrieval---it's
inherently system dependant; it's probably way too UNIXesque in using the
filesystem as a database repository as well as storing location information
in the native integer format in disk files.

  I do, however, include the program I used to create the datafiles used by
mod_litbook, although it's specific to the Project Gutenberg distribution of
the King James Bible.

Licensing
---------

  This project is released under the GNU GPL, which is specified in the
LICENSING file.  Check out the GNU Project (http://www.gnu.org) for more
information about this licence.

Acknowledgements
----------------

The GNU Organization for making several significant free software packages
and their license.

Linus Torvalds for making Linux (http://linux-kernel.org/).

The Apache Group (http://www.apache.org/) for making the free webserver.

Mark Grosberg, who has provided feedback and much butt-kicking to keep me
and my code honest.  And for helping me debug some ``simple'' changes
(cough).

Robert Summers, who was the first victim to volunteer to install the module
on his system and help be debug the distribution.

Gary A. Parker, who placed the metaphone code I use into the public domain.

